README.md, before:

# Thucy


<!-- WARNING: THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! -->

## Usage

### Installation

Clone from [GitHub](https://github.com/michaeltheologitis/thucy):

``` sh
git clone https://github.com/michaeltheologitis/thucy.git
```

Then, install the package (usually in a virtual environment):

``` sh
pip install -e .
```

We know that setting up and configuring stuff is a pain. However, there
are a lot of moving parts in this project. We have made the
configuration **as easy as possible** from the user-side — we take care
of most of the heavy lifting for you.

The only thing we need to configure manually are the specific database
connection details (usernames, passwords, etc.) and API keys so that we
can deploy Google’s MCP Toolbox and also use OpenAI Agents SDK. We will
walk you through the steps to do that. It will be quick and easy, we
promise!

### OpenAI API Key

To use Thucy, you need to have an OpenAI API key. If you don’t have one,
you can sign up at [OpenAI’s
website](https://platform.openai.com/api-keys) and create an API key.

In order to set an environment variable in Thucy we simply run the
following:

``` sh
thucy config set OPENAI_API_KEY sk_xxyy
```

where `sk_xxyy` is your actual OpenAI API key.

Then, you can verify that it has been set correctly by inspecting the
configuration:

``` sh
thucy config show
```

    OPENAI_API_KEY = sk_xxyy
    EXPERTS_MODEL = gpt-5-mini
    LEAD_MODEL = gpt-5
    SQL_EXPERT_MAX_TURNS = 30
    SCHEMA_EXPERT_MAX_TURNS = 30
    DATA_EXPERT_MAX_TURNS = 30
    GENAI_SERVER_URL = http://127.0.0.1:5000

### Documentation

In-depth documentation of the project can be found on this website:
[Thucy](https://michaeltheologitis.github.io/thucy/).

### Configure Databases

Here, we will set up the database connections inside the `tools.yaml`
file.

## How to use

Fill me in please! Don’t forget code examples:

``` python
1+1
```

    2

## Developer Guide

If you are new to using `nbdev` here are some useful pointers to get you
started.

### Install thucy in Development mode

``` sh
# make sure thucy package is installed in development mode
$ pip install -e .

# make changes under nbs/ directory
# ...

nbdev_install_quarto
nbdev_install_hooks

# compile to have changes apply to thucy
$ nbdev_prepare
```

Commit message:

thucy compl. - pre-submission - no TabFact

README.md, after:

# Thucy


<!-- WARNING: THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! -->

We highly encourage you to read the documentation from the [Thucy
website](https://michaeltheologitis.github.io/thucy/). It is rendered
better there since we have full control of the markdown!

``` sh
thucy verify "The number of violent crimes decreased in Seattle between 2024 and 2023" --workflow "Violent-Crimes" --toolset seattle
```

    Setting up connection to Google's toolbox...
    Success!
    Starting Verification. Might take a while...!
    Success!

    Thucy Verdict: Inaccurate

    Saved full report to results/Violent-Crimes-trace_824464db51d741d196726bed0316f034.txt
    Exiting!

## Installation

Clone from [GitHub](https://github.com/michaeltheologitis/thucy):

``` sh
git clone https://github.com/michaeltheologitis/thucy.git
```

Then, install the package (usually in a virtual environment):

``` sh
pip install -e .
```

## Configurations

We know that setting up and configuring stuff is a pain. However, there
are a lot of moving parts in this project. We have made the
configuration **as easy as possible** from the user-side — we take care
of most of the heavy lifting for you.

The only thing we need to configure manually are the specific database
connection details (usernames, passwords, etc.) so that we can deploy
Google’s MCP Toolbox, and also the OpenAI API keys for using the OpenAI
Agents SDK. We will walk you through the steps to do that. It will be
quick and easy, we promise!

### OpenAI API Key

To use Thucy, you need to have an OpenAI API key. If you don’t have one,
you can sign up at [OpenAI’s
website](https://platform.openai.com/api-keys) and create an API key.

In order to set an environment variable in Thucy we simply run the
following:

``` sh
thucy config set OPENAI_API_KEY sk_xxyy
```

where `sk_xxyy` is your actual OpenAI API key.

Then, you can verify that it has been set correctly by inspecting the
configuration:

``` sh
thucy config show
```

    OPENAI_API_KEY = sk_xxyy
    EXPERTS_MODEL = gpt-5-mini
    LEAD_MODEL = gpt-5
    SQL_EXPERT_MAX_TURNS = 30
    SCHEMA_EXPERT_MAX_TURNS = 30
    DATA_EXPERT_MAX_TURNS = 30
    GENAI_SERVER_URL = http://127.0.0.1:5000

### Documentation

In-depth documentation of the project can be found on this website:
[Thucy](https://michaeltheologitis.github.io/thucy/).

### Configure Databases and Run Google’s MCP Toolbox

Here, we will set up the database connections inside the `tools.yaml`
file.

``` sh
toolbox --ui
```

## How to use

Fill me in please! Don’t forget code examples:

``` python
1+1
```

    2

## Developer Guide

If you are new to using `nbdev` here are some useful pointers to get you
started.

### Install thucy in Development mode

``` sh
# make sure thucy package is installed in development mode
$ pip install -e .

# make changes under nbs/ directory
# ...

nbdev_install_quarto
nbdev_install_hooks

# compile to have changes apply to thucy
$ nbdev_prepare
```
